♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
I... want to love with you, too.
But...
i-it's hard for me to have a baby.
Because you might leave me because of my problem,
and that I might see this expression on your face, I thought about it for a long time on how I should tell you.
No matter how I say it,
although you're going to be shocked, we...
Wait, Hari!
♫ As if it were a dream, ♫
♫ I'll call your name that went inside my heart ♫
♫ for one more time ♫
♫ I'm still with you, at the same time ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to be by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye to the painful and very lonely days ♫
♫ Goodbye from now ♫
♫ Like a dream that moves away when you approach it,  ♫
♫ Don't disappear from my side ♫
♫ I'm still with you, at the same time ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to stay by your side ♫
[Episode 11]
[More than any other words... I'm sorry, I love you.]
♫ Goodbye to the painful and very lonely days ♫
♫ Goodbye from now ♫
Where'd you go? Manager Kim was waiting.
Ah, something came up.
Let's go in.
The companies that renewed their advertisement contracts are...
Yeah, we talked about that yesterday.
This meeting is to talk about the magazine cover.
Are we going to go for a baby for next month's cover model?
Who did you get?
The one who was in the fashion magazine last month, Leila.
Can't we get a celebrity?
Are we doing a sponsored shoot?
Do we have to? There aren't many advertisers who are willing.
Our budget isn't that good.
Director, are there any celebrities you know?
Director.
- Director!
- Huh?
Our competitor, Eco & Bebe.
Their next cover models are Lee Mido and King of Potatoes.
Really? How did they get them?
Director, we should also get a top star.
Director Jang, whenever I go to meetings,
we get compared a lot.
It's fortunate if I only have my pride hurt, but our advertisements are also stolen.
Okay, I understand.
- Really?
- Yes, yes.
There's a package that came for "the baby," right?
Hold on.
Thank you.
Hello.
Do you not have anything to say to me?
No... That...
This is heavy.
Why'd you do that?
What?
That— Did something happen on the weekend?
Ah, yes.
[Dachae Media, media that seeks out and fills in with variety]
Why aren't you coming in?
No way. Was the person you were going to confess to...
[Dachae Media]
Mr. Eutteum, please sort these out.
[9ucci]
[Waste]
How's Doha?
She'll be okay because she ate the medicine.
Oh, she should clean up. She'll get hurt going up.
Go! I think Hari's here.
I don't have anything to say so...
Why? You can't look at her?
Because I might confess. Then it's the end.
I was okay with you.
But Hari isn't okay with you. What do we do?
But why am I okay for you? I'm a divorced man with a daughter.
I was also a divorced woman with a daughter.
To Hari, you were a father and a brother.
I felt bad because she was alone, but I was relieved she had you by her side.
That's why I also could rely on you.
I promised your mom a long time ago that you could become my son-in-law.
But you married a different woman.
Is the man Hari is dating
the same man who she went to Mureung with, right?
Is he that strange you don't think it will work out?
Are you waiting because you think they'll break up?
Honestly, I don't like anyone for her.
But if Hari is going to pick him no matter what,
then I can't do anything. I have to give  up.
Oh? My goodness, Doha.
Hey, did you break up? Is that it?
Until you overcome this ordeal, we have to keep doing this?
Is that it?
We aren't breaking up.
I mean...
Hey! You guys didn't even break up, so why am I here doing this with you
in the middle of the night?
Huh?
It's hard for me to have a baby.
What?
I should have said it like this. It's not a big deal.
You? Not Hari but you?
Yisang, is that why you broke up with Inah?
So... Hari wants to break up, too?
It's fine if I'm the only one struggling, but because of me...
Bro,
I have somewhere to go. You go on first.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I... did wrong.
I wanted to say these words.
Tell me the things you didn't get to say.
With marriage in sight, I went and got a check-up.
There were no symptoms and everything was normal.
So I thought there wouldn't be a problem.
But... we found out there was a problem.
We thought I would go back to normal after receiving treatments for three months...
but we broke up very painfully.
At that time, I overcame that wound
very difficultly and painfully.
I didn't want us to get involved
and have the same problem.
But...
I started to like you. And not for myself
but that it would hurt you...
I was worried most about that.
You also...
went through a moment where your world stopped.
But if you didn't want to hurt me,
if you worried about me, then you should have told me sooner.
It's hard enough for me to accept my own issues.
I'm going to go.
You never ate when I made it for you but now you're eating well.
Okay, breathe in deeply and out.
The pneumonia is lasting longer than I expected.
It's not good, right?
You don't have to worry because she'll be fine once she gets treatment.
Is it fun?
If you get well later, I'll buy you ice cream. Promise.
You're free to go.
Okay, Doctor.
You did so well.
[Editor's Story]
[the baby]
How did "luxurious baby underwear and elegant bloomers" come about?
It looks luxurious and elegant.
Hyojoo, do you think you can't write an article that doesn't include the latest "in" or "hot" items?
Stop using English excessively and write it again.
Okay.
- Why?
- The baby for the toy shoot said that he couldn't come.
You should call for your friend's baby.
You talked about it so confidently that I thought you left the baby with us. Okay.
[Ovulation Inducers]
[Identification: FSG-H Inj., Product manufactured in a vial solution form and administered via syringe. Active Ingredient: Clomiphene. Category: Specialty]
[FSG-H Inj.]
- Yunho.
- Yes?
Do men also take ovulation inducers?
Yes, it's also a medicine for a male's infertility.
Men have to take it 2-3 times a week for three months.
I knew it was hard for women, but it must be hard for men, too.
What?
This time, I'm really going to change my job.
Last time, you said you would really do it, too.
You don't have mythomania, right?
Hey! It's for real.
I don't have a reason to stay here anymore.
But they don't usually count one year as career experience, right?
Is it better to change jobs after a couple of years or... is it better to look for a new workplace?
If a place that you want to go picks you, you should switch.
The place I wanted to go was here.
Hold on.
You're not working and you're just whispering to each other.
Include me.
Competitors keep shutting down, so I'm getting a lot of calls about whether or not we'll release an issue for next month.
Looks like I have to search for a new workplace.
Misery loved company.
They talk about it every year. It's probably a rumor.
It's because I don't think it's a rumor.
Oh, Reporter, why—
How are you here?
We're working.
So?
Did you get hurt?
Don't concern yourself.
Whether my hand breaks or not, what's it to you?
You're someone I know.
Do you worry about and take care of every woman you know?
You really... are a bad man.
Even if I did some wrong, I'm not a bad man.
Look here.
You don't know you're bad, right? That's even worse.
Why are you doing this to me? Why am I bad?
I don't understand what I did to you for you to say I'm bad...
Why do you concern yourself?
Why do you run and get a band-aid? Smile?
You make people misunderstand.
This is really embarrassing.
- Why are you crying?
- Who's crying?
Why is this smudging? It said it was waterproof!
Are you crying because your mascara is smudged?
I'll buy you a new one! Stop crying.
Look here! Look here! Again, again!
Don't treat me well.
Do you sell mascara here, Owner?
Are you not going in because of me?
[Jambi Studio]
A test.
We're going to use a small image cut.
Like this?
Yes, that's good.
- I'll help you.
- No, no. I'll do it.
I... said that I was scared of hurting you, right?
So, I'm planning not to.
We... should find the solution together.
I... will do everything that I can, so this problem—
You said it was so hard that you felt like dying.
That you ended it painfully.
You said love is like a miracle.
That you would never let go of the person you love.
That's how I think, too.
You're going to be in pain because you can't do it.
And I'll be in pain because I can't wish for it.
If we didn't want children, then we would have no problems.
If it wasn't for me, you wouldn't have to go through this pain.
Don't say it like that.
Maybe we shouldn't have started.
- Did you go to the Art Department?
- Yeah.
What about Director? Did she go somewhere?
Ah, yes.
But Hyojoo disappeared.
Disappeared?
Her bag is here, but I haven't seen her all day and can't contact her.
Did she go drinking somewhere in the daylight and fainted somewhere?
- No!
- What a shock!
She was cleaning the warehouse with me.
Ah, yes.
Keep up the good work!
Oh my gosh!
I feel like I'm dying.
Miss Reporter.
Miss Reporter, you must wake up. You have to go home.
- You'll catch a cold.
- What are you talking about?
I'd like one more glass.
Where am I? I feel like dying.
My stomach hurts.
Grab me!
No, no, no!
One more glass.
We have reached your destination.
Miss Reporter. Miss Reporter!
I followed the navigation. Is this right?
Oh, leave me...
Leave me alone I said!
Oh... which building is it? Which building? Which number?
If you let me know your access code, I'll drop you off.
Hey! Who do you think you are to come into my house!
This is my house.
What do I do?
When I looked up her fingerprints, her address says Busan.
I don't think she's updated her address.
Then I'm sorry but could you do us a favor for just tonight?
- Oh, sure.
- Thank you!
Wow, Busan.
Oh, she's sleeping.
What?
Doha's sleeping so deeply. If she wakes up, Auntie said she'd take care of her.
There's a drama that I watch live but
Auntie's watching something else.
Is something wrong?
Why does your face look like that?
You said you were going to watch your drama. If not, leave.
How many days has it been that you have looked so sad?
I knew you were going to be like this. If you don't have the confidence to date, then don't.
What do you mean you knew I would be like this?
How do you know something that I didn't even know myself?
Hey, how many people did you love and date knowing from the beginning
all the pros and cons and all the reasons it wouldn't work?
Have you ever done that before?
Is there anyone who dates knowing that they'd get hurt?
Ah... really, this guy.
[Sperm King]
Eutteum, you know Han Yisang's number, right?
Come inside.
Wow, from what I can see, you like to show off.
You live alone, right? How many square feet is this?
You're probably not here to look at the house.
Sit down. Tea?
If you think the conversation will be long, then alcohol.
I don't think it's something to discuss elegantly over tea.
Let's not do alcohol, since I might hit you.
Then it'd be best for us to stand and talk.
Yeah.
Tell me. What is making you two serious?
If you're going to break up, don't linger and break up quickly.
You know that she's in a rush. You take her time and her opportunities.
She doesn't even have time to be worried about things.
Let's not make her waste her emotions.
It was hard for Hari to meet someone, so can't you support us?
Even if she were to love you a lot, I would be worried.
But she's sitting there alone in so much pain.
How can I support you?
I'm someone who's allowed to determine whether a guy is not for Hari so
I'm going to continue to interfere between the two of you.
Can you handle that for the rest of your life?
I'll think of you as someone who comes with Jang Hari as supplemental material.
I'm saying I will block you.
You're unacceptable. I've felt that way since the beginning.
It seems like there were issues from the beginning but there has to be someone
against it, so that she'll rethink it.
That kind of mother-in-law, I'll do it.
As a friend or a man?
Don't do it as a friend and just face me as a man.
Make your position clear. Because right now,
you're not a friend nor a man.
Okay, we'll see what happens to you later.
Okay. From now on, see on the sidelines
what I become.
Oh, you woke up?
Yes.
Oh my.
Hello.
Trainee Han Yisang, what are you doing here?
I'm waiting... for my girlfriend.
Girlfriend?
Besides my daughter and I, a woman...
You're Hari's mother?
The wench who stole you away is my Hari?
Oh my! Oh, my son-in-law! Oh my, oh my!
How can this be?
Oh my goodness!
Aunt,
do you know him?
You two look really close.
Even holding hands.
We're not close, just...
We just go to the leather workshop together.
'We?' 'Together?'
N-No. The same.
The same workshop. We go separately.
Oh my, you really. We aren't of any relation.
A little earlier,
you called me your son-in-law.
Huh?
Son-in-law?
Hari... left for work early this morning.
You should also go to work.
You should also go get Doha to the daycare and go to work.
I also need to go do aerobics, so I'll be going.
Earlier, Mother said I was her son-in-law.
- Never mind.
- Aunt already gave me the okay.
From a long time ago.
Let's just go to work.
I'm going to work right now.
Wow, it's Jung Taehee.
This is my first time seeing a celebrity.
Same here. How could she look so good in purple?
- Out of all the celebrities I've seen, she's—
- Pretty.
She's pretty?
She is pretty. Looks good in purple. Looks like I won't ever wear purple.
You drink it all. Do well.
Jung, Jung Tae, Jung Taehee!
- Attention! Attention!
- Director, Director!
At the studio, I saw Jung Taehee!
She's shooting with Chief Han.
Wow! Look at this.
Chief Han and Jung Taehee are best friends.
We should have been respectful of Chief Han. I think we've been thoughtless.
Seeing how Bo Show is letting Chief Han do the cover when they have their own studio,
it means that Jung Taehee requested him.
Oh no! I called Chief Han an idiot
for taking pictures of the breast pump upside down!
Everything must have been intended!
Oh, what did I say? How could I? Oh!
Why did you do that? Oh... it's okay, it's okay!
I'm not on his bad side, right?
Oh well... that could have happened.
How is he friends with Jung Taehee?
I'm worried. What do I do?
Oh, you surprised me!
Let's go.
What? You're going to do the shoot?
What are the chances of Jung Taehee showing up when you look your worst?
Director, let's go.
Why me?
You need to cast Jung Taehee.
Me?
Good. That's good.
Good. Oh, that's nice.
That's it. Okay. Good.
Very nice!
Psh!
If I also got my hair and makeup done, I'd be like her.
It would be faster to just be reborn.
Hey, don't be like that. She's like that because she wants to be a celebrity.
Okay. Wonder. Okay, good.
Uh... could you touch up her makeup and hair?
It's good.
One second.
- Chief, I really like this one!
- This one, too.
You take photos well.
- Look at them!
- Why do they keep batting their eyes? Do they have an eye spasm?
They can't keep their hands to themselves. Why? I ought to break them!
He belongs to the director.
Should we mark her territory?
Don't hold back.
This, too.
You take the photos well!
Let's switch outfits.
[Bo Show - Cover Model Shi An]
- We're going to leave first.
- Fighting!
You're the best! Fighting!
You're the best!
Hello.
Hello. I'm "the baby's" Director, Jang Hari.
Ah, yes. Thank you.
You tried to cast me a few times, didn't you? I believe "the baby" has made a few offers.
Of course, we did. You're Jung Taehee.
I even reviewed the essay you wrote on infant care.
[Dachae Media, Jang Hari]
Ah...
I'm sorry, but if you're trying to cast me, I'm going to have to refuse.
I don't do interviews unless it's a reporter I know. There are too many who write fiction instead of an article.
Then you can make me a reporter that you know.
I'll be outside for a bit.
Whether you're a reporter or a celebrity,
I think we all look at things with prejudice.
But we don't know each other well.
You should get to know what kind of person I am after talking for a bit.
If I'm trustworthy, you can do the interview then.
If it was a favor from Chief Han, then it's another story.
But, what's the relation between you two?
With Chief Han?
Why are you including me?
When the one who is making the effort is Reporter Jang Hari?
You can trust her. She's the best out of all the people I've worked with.
While working with mothers, instead of expanding her know-how,
I think she learned how to move a person's heart.
You don't have to make yourself known.
Even if you guys don't talk for long, she'll recognize you.
If you're done with your makeup, let's go shoot again.
[If you join our company, please make the most of the previously mentioned advantages...]
[Jerk]
Yeah? What's up?
Why do you answer so late?
I'm busy!
What are you doing for dinner? Come see me for dinner later.
Why are you wanting to see me?
I'll buy you something tasty, so just come out.
Okay.
I'm so busy.
Oh, it's good.
Is Hari breaking up?
Already? Why?
I didn't say she broke up. I'm asking if she did.
Did she not say anything to you?
Nope.
It's unusual...
Why did you ignore my warning, called me out at night, buying me chicken, and asking me about the two of them?
What's your plan?
Why do you think it's not me?
Besides being a divorced father, is there anything else?
I know you would say anything to keep Jungwon.
But did you have to go to that extent?
What do you mean?
You, who hurt people without knowing you are doing it,
I don't like you.
Hello?
Are you coming?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
Don't stray and come here quickly. I'm so tired.
What's with the attitude?
Is this the attitude of a person asking me to bring him underwear?
I'm calling you in the world's most polite position ever.
Yoon Jaeyoung, don't ever order me to bring your underwear anymore.
If Jungwon knows, she'll feel bad.
Jungwon also hasn't gone home for a week. She'll understand.
I guess she will.
I'm dying.
Did you sleep?
I should go wash up and sleep at home now.
You should go and wash up. You don't have underwear, right?
Hari is coming with the change of clothes.
Jang Hari is bringing your underwear?
Yeah.
It's just a favor between friends. Why?
What's wrong with that?
Jungwon.
Is this something to be angry about?
If I'm not angry, then we need to break up.
Scary words like that exist?
It's really awkward having a woman as your best friend.
Having her coming into my man's house anytime
and touching my man's underwear. How can I understand that?
It's been a month since I've been inside the house.
You're also barely getting any sleep. The only person I could ask was Hari.
Then... is it okay for a male friend to touch my underwear?
Seo Jungwon, Hari is not a female friend,
but like a younger sibling.
She's not, though!
There's no such thing as a sex distinction between us. We've been friends since in the womb.
Why are you being jealous over something that doesn't exist?
They're fighting.
Yoon Jaeyoung!
Hold on.
I'm not a fan of this type of relation.
If I marry you, it'll feel like there's three people.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Are you okay? Geez, really!
It's all visible.
- I'm sorry, Hari.
- What for?
I'll call you.
Hey, your underwear. Hey, you crazy man—
Hey, your underwear—
- Please give this to Dr. Yoon Jaeyoung.
- Okay.
I'll do it. Why can't I?
I won't see Hari anymore. Since you're important to me right now.
You think you can do that?
Hari...
I won't ever see her again.
I'll do that.
And I call him a friend...
Hari heard that?
Even if she understands, it still hurts.
And then you stopped contacting her and she had to hear about your wedding news from her mother.
If you threw away a blood relative-like friend, you should have lived well!
I don't know.
I'm going to go after buying chicken for my kids.
Excuse me, I'll have a half-fried and half-seasoned to go.
Okay.
What is it now?
Hey.
When did you put them in there?
That's true. Why are you doing my laundry?
You should have gotten angry saying you can't and won't do it. Why not?
What's so great about me?
You complain even when I do it for you.
You should have told me to get lost.
You should have never seen me anymore.
You stupid...
Why are you accepting everything like nothing?
I'm sorry.
Hey!
[Jambi Studio]
Again.
Okay, just play. Yeah, yeah.
Again. Goodness.
- Naturally.
- Don't do the v-sign!
- Don't do the v-sign.
- Kids.
Don't do this.
And just have fun.
Did I say you're supposed to do a v-sign or not when taking pictures?
- You said we should!
- Uh...
Okay, okay. But you should only do that when you're taking photos with me.
With Mister, don't do that.
We do a v-sign with the "click."
Mister is not doing the "click" right now.
So just play and don't look here.
But Mister did "click."
- You—
- No, no.
I think it'll be best if you don't watch.
Okay, okay. Focus.
Smile. Brightly!
That's it.
Hello.
- Hello.
- You came?
Okay, come on.
Okay, once more! Yeah, once more.
That's good!
Eutteum, you said the table changes.
Hold on.
Guys, I prepared something amazing.
What do you think I prepared?
Tada!
I'm going to hide this amazing jelly in here.
Only the person who finds this does a v-sign.
Okay!
Shall we close our eyes? Don't peek.
How is he so smart?
- Eutteum?
- What?
N-No. The table.
The table.
Okay, open your eyes!
You can start.
Okay, who's going to find it first?
Can you do a v-sign?
Go slowly!
You're going to fall. Stop!
Slowly, slowly!
Did the pictorial go well?
Hari! They were just troublemakers. Are you not busy?
Because of you guys, I'm planning to skip out.
Really? Let's go!
I think I saw him in passing.
When are you going to introduce me to him?
Are you happy that you're dating? What do you like the best?
Why? Did something happen?
I liked everything.
I wanted to be with him and even when we leave I wanted to see him again.
Out of everything, the thing I liked the most was...
You know those actions that can only be done between people who are really close?
The way we could naturally touch each
other without feeling distant.
He felt like my person.
The small and friendly actions
that nobody else saw.
It felt nice to receive love.
Even when I feel small,
he recognizes me.
He's my person who recognizes me.
Bu what do I do?
That person also has a hard time having a baby.
I'm going to the restroom.
Okay.
[Dr. Moon, Urology]
[Male Infertility Clinic]
It was this?
Mr. Han Yisang!
I won't speak long, so you should end it.
Hari has a weak heart, so she can't end it.
She'll feel like she's throwing away a sick person. Don't make her take that baggage and leave.
We will deal with our situation ourselves.
If you knew you had this problem from the beginning, you shouldn't have started it!
I started it because I couldn't end it.
You selfish jerk.
Think about Hari. Are you qualified?
What about you?
Do you think you're qualified?
[Idiot Jang]
Where are you right now?
What? Why?
Did you know Han Yisang's problem?
You do? You know and you're meeting him?
How did you know?
Let him go. Don't hold onto him with lingering attachment.
Is it easy for you to throw people away?
It wasn't.
It wasn't easy for both you and Jungwon.
But at that time, I thought I would regret losing Jungwon.
But then why are you telling me to throw that person away?
Right now, I regret throwing you away back then.
No matter what you choose, you'll regret what you let go of.
Between that person and a baby, think about which one pierces your heart more.
I'm not sure.
Hari, if you date that man, it'll only be harder for you.
I'm confident you won't regret it like I did at that moment.
I want to see that person right now.
I met Jaeyoung.
It's nothing much. You don't have to worry about it.
What are you saying we do?
It's a problem that your life depends on.
So we should think about it together.
I am also going to put my life on the line and do my best to cling onto you, so—
What if I say there's no miracle?
What if I say I was wrong?
Then, what do we do?
Since we started, we should see it until the end.
If it was going to be like this, I wouldn't have started.
I don't have confidence anymore.
♫ After the cold season ♫
Just think about one thing right now.
Is it okay to let me go?
♫ At the end of a long day ♫
♫ You like always standing there ♫
♫ As if it were a dream ♫
♫ I call your name that's in my heart ♫
♫ for one more time ♫
If you had to choose between the person you love and your baby,
would women pick the baby no matter what?
♫ I'm still with you ♫
The person I love.
I won't let him go.
Although babies are a miracle,
♫ Goodbye, all my painful days  ♫
to me who has not found a person to love for ten years,
love is also a miracle.
You didn't make a mistake.
I... like you, Jang Hari.
♫ Don't disappear from my side ♫
♫ I'm still with you, in the same time frame ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to be by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye to the painful ♫
♫ and the very lonely  ♫
♫ days ♫
♫ Goodbye to the very lonely ♫
No.
I can't.
♫ Can you see my feelings for you? ♫
♫ Can you hear my voice that calls for you? ♫
♫ Shining brightly like a star ♫
♫ I'm drawing you in the sky ♫
♫ I'll protect you ♫
♫ All the warm memories ♫
♫ that I missed  ♫
If the results aren't good, I'm going to keep trying until they are.
Does Han Yisang have a problem?
No, he's not that type of person.
Do you have to go through the hard route?
I really like that person.
Do you want to go on a vacation?
Why are you waiting to that extent? Why are you waiting when you don't know if he's going to come?
It's not important whether he comes or not. It's that I'm waiting for Han Yisang.
Why are you waiting for a man who can't give you certainty?
♫ I'll protect you ♫